Project: Group Project 09
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members, except Tyler Lewis and Ciaran Smith
Place and date of meeting: 0.30 IBERS, Friday 17th of March 2023
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Sean Hobson
Date of minutes: 17/03/23
Version: 1.0

Team:
- gwh18: Gwion Hughes (Team Leader)
- jat92: Jack Thompson (Deputy Leader)
- tyw1 : Tyler Lewis (QA Manager)
- seh25: Sean Hobson (Deputy QA)
- ckc2 : Craymon Chan
- cts12: Ciaran Smith
- jib16: Jim Brown
- shr27: Shaun Royle

=================
 Matters arising
=================

1. (Recurring) Ensure all blogs are uploaded by 5:00pm on Thursdays
Assigned to: All
Status: COMPLETE	
Notes: Ciaran needs to upload

2. (Recurring) Review time-spent for each member this week, update spreadsheet.
Assigned to: GWH18
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: No further notes

3. General implementation (back-end, non-priority task)
Assigned to: SHR27, GWH18
Status: ONGOING
Notes: Mostly complete

4. Prep screens for back-end logic
Assigned to: CTS12, GWH18
Status: ONGOING
Notes: Some more to do

5. [PRIORITY TASK] Decide on which version of JUnit to use and how to include it.
Assigned to: SEH25, CKC2, JIB16
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: JUnit 5

6. [PRIORITY TASK] Upload JUnit tests to /dev directory for next meeting.
Assigned to: SEH25, CKC2, JIB16
Status: ONGOING
Notes: References to test spec, list of tests

7. Create diagrams for Design Spec
Assigned to: TYW1
Status: ONGOING
Notes: Created component diagram (Google Drive)

8. Commenting code (back-end)
Assigned to: SHR27
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: No further notes

9. Design specification (GWH18 - Front-end design. SHR27 - Back-end design (incl. Class Diagrams). TYW1 - Diagrams (excl. Class Diagrams) and formatting. JAT92 - Back-end (logs)
Assigned to: GWH18, SHR27, TYW1, JAT92
Status: ONGOING
Notes: On track for review

10. Implement loading and saving to and from files
Assigned to: JAT92
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: Merge to main

11. Code walkthrough Wednesday (15/03).
Assigned to: GWH18, SHR27
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: No further notes

12. Commenting code (front-end)
Assigned to: GWH18, CTS12
Status: ONGOING
Notes: Priority

13. Add checklist to Test Spec review minutes
Assigned to: TYW1
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: No further notes

14. UI Specification feedback
Assigned to: GWH18 + All members assigned issues.
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: complete issues on gitlab

15. Report IBERS IntelliJ issues to IS
Assigned to: CWL
Status: COMPLETE
Notes: awaiting action

=================
 New business
=================

16. Work on connecting front and back end
Assigned to: JAT92

17. Work on resolving issues found in JUnit - gitlab issues
Assigned to: SEH25, CKC2, JIB16, SHR27

18. Test spec feedback - resolve issues
Assigned to: CKC2, JIB16

19. Arrange reviews for design spec on Monday (discord) and Wednesday (in-person)
Assigned to: GWH18

20. Make a roadmap of actions leading up to integration and testing week
Assigned to: GWH18

21. Make a table of issues found in JUnit - google drive
Assigned to: SEH25

=================
 AOB
=================

NONE
