Project: Group Project 09 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members 
Place and date of meeting: 0.30 IBERS, Friday 10th February 2023
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Chris Loftus 
Date of minutes: 10/02/23
Version: 2.0

Team:
- ckc2: Craymon Chan
- cts12: Ciaran Smith 
- gwh18: Gwion Hughes
- jat92: Jack Thompson 
- jib16: Jim Brown
- seh25: Sean Hobson
- shr27: Shaun Royle
- tyw1: Tyler Lewis

Matters arising 
===============
1. One or two people to read SE.QA.04 and start working on UI specification
by making a list of possible use cases based on the requirements document.
List of use cases
ACTION: SEH25, TYW1

2. Everyone must watch the Panopto recording on how to build the UI specification.
Done
ACTION: ALL

3. Everyone must read the group project introduction document and the 
requirements specification. 
Done
ACTION: ALL

4. One or two people to read SE.QA.06 and to 
start making system tests for the test specification.
Done
ACTION: JIB16,CKC2

5. One or two people to think about implementation â€“ what kinds 
of code will you need? What are the difficult problems? 
Done
ACTION:SHR27,GWH18

6. One or two people to try starting to program the on-screen display: 
that is get up to speed with javafx. 
Done
ACTION:SHR27,GWH18

7. Someone to look into the documents SE.QA.01, 02 and 03, 
and to explain how QA works on the project.
Done
ACTION:TYW1

8. Start thinking about who should be project leader and quality
assurance manager and their deputies. 
Project leader: Gwion, deputy PL: Jack
QA manager: Tyler, Deputy QA: Sean
ACTION: ALL

9. Blogs for next tutorial. To be added to gitlab the
day before the tutorial.
DONE except SEH25, CTS12
ACTION: ALL

10. Group to arrange an internal meeting. 
Yes, and discussed project stuff
ACTION: ALL

New business 
============
11. UI specification
- Powerpoint slides
- More detail in UI spec
ACTION: SEH25, TYW1, JAT92

12. Test specification.
- Continue adding and refining tests
ACTION: JIB16,CKC2

13. Implementation issues
- Start prototype of move logic
- Representing logic at detailed design level
ACTION:SHR27,GWH18

14. javafx. 
- Adding logic to front end
ACTION:SHR27,GWH18,CTS12

15. Read SE.QA.07/08 and present to group.
ACTION:	TYW1

AOB 
=== 	
17. Scenebuilder tool can be used