Project: Group Project 09
Meeting: UI Specification Review
Persons present: All members except Jim Brown.
Place and date of meeting: Study Room 6, Hugh Owen Library, Wednesday 1st March 2023
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Tyler Lewis
Date of minutes: 01/03/23
Version: 1.0

Team:
- gwh18: Gwion Hughes (Team Leader)
- jat92: Jack Thompson (Deputy Leader)
- tyw1 : Tyler Lewis (QA Manager)
- seh25: Sean Hobson (Deputy QA)
- ckc2 : Craymon Chan
- cts12: Ciaran Smith
- jib16: Jim Brown
- shr27: Shaun Royle

=============================
 Changes arising from review
=============================

Changes to the UI Specification and UI Presentation to be made by Jack Thompson and Sean Hobson.
Changes ti the UI Presentation images to be made by Tyler Lewis.

CHANGES TO ALL SECTIONS:
1. Change "highlighting pieces" to "highlighting squares".

CHANGES TO SECTION 2:
1. Subsection 2.2 - Add focus on replaying games and reviewing moves.
2. Section 2, Subsection 2.3 - Add reference to tutoring other players.

CHANGES TO SECTION 3:
1. UC-0.1 - Enter names for both white and black.
2. UC-0.1 - Specify white pieces to bottom, black pieces to top.
3. UC-0.1 - Clearer indication of which users turn it is. (Include this in UC-1.1). Add FR3 to the title.
4. UC-1.0 - Reword "highlight the possible movements" and "or which of the opponents pieces".
5. UC-1.1 - Specify that highlighted squares are legal moves.
6. *Add* "UC-1.4 - Special Moves".
7. UC-2.0 - Change "Quit" button to "Save & Quit".
8. UC-4.0 - Add reference to two buttons, "Resign" and "Offer Draw" that switch to the users side to show who's options they are.
9. UC-4.1 - Specify that squares will be highlighted in different colours.

CHANGES TO SECTION 4:
1. EC-0.0 - Add reference to FR5.
2. EC-0.2 - Change "Castling" to "Special Moves". Reword error case to reflect this.
3. *Add* "EC-1.1 - Non-existent Files" explain that the "Continue Game" button will not be displayed if no save files are found.
4. *Add* "EC-2.0 - Step Forwards / Backwards" explain that nothing will happen when the user reaches the end/beginning of a log.

OTHER CHANGES:
1. Include "Issue No." column in the DOCUMENT HISTORY section.

PRESENTATION:
1. Reflect any changes made to the use cases in the presentation.

=============================
 AOB
=============================

Secondary review to be held with Gwion Hughes, Tyler Lewis, Jack Thompson, and Sean Hobson, over discord on the 2nd of March before final submission.